---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stdout-v1alpha1_standard_out_list Data Source - stdout-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stdout-v1alpha1_standard_out_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) StandardOutSpec defines the desired state of StandardOut. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) StandardOutStatus defines the observed state of StandardOut. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `exports` (Attributes List) Exports is the list of EDB paths to be exported and mode for each. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports`

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) List of fields to be exported from the EDB table, defaults to all if omitted.
- `mode` (String) Export Mode
- `path` (String) The EDB path to the table being exported, formatted as '.namespace.node.srl.interface'.
StandardOut exports are restricted to its own namespace.
ClusterStandardOut exports can export data from multiple namespaces as well as cluster tables.
- `period` (String) Export period, in the format 10s , 1m30s , 1h30m etc.
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. oper-state = down . Enclosing parentheses can be omitted.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
