---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stdout-v1alpha1_cluster_standard_out Resource - stdout-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stdout-v1alpha1_cluster_standard_out (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterStandardOutSpec defines the desired state of ClusterStandardOut. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the ClusterStandardOut
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterStandardOutStatus defines the observed state of ClusterStandardOut. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `exports` (Attributes List) Exports is the list of EDB paths to be exported and mode for each. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--exports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.exports`

Required:

- `path` (String) The EDB path to the table being exported, formatted as '.namespace.node.srl.interface'.
StandardOut exports are restricted to its own namespace.
ClusterStandardOut exports can export data from multiple namespaces as well as cluster tables.

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) List of fields to be exported from the EDB table, defaults to all if omitted.
- `mode` (String) Export Mode
- `period` (String) Export period, in the format 10s , 1m30s , 1h30m etc.
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. oper-state = down . Enclosing parentheses can be omitted.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
